.TH SRV 1
. SH NAME
srv \- file restore server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B clnt
[OPTION]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
File restoration server. File size can be greater than 4GB. Settings are
stored in a
.I config\-file
which contains port numbers, broadcast address, image names \- see at
.B EXAMPLES.
.PP
Communication between the client and the server is via tcp to get information
of available images and to request a part of the selected image. Sending the
image file uses udp broadcast datagrams. It is faster and can receive any
number of clients simultaneously.
.SH OPTIONS
Parameters have short and long forms.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-config\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Configuration file to use \- default is /etc/vissza/server.conf
.SH FILES
\fB/etc/vissza/server.conf\fR
.SH EXAMPLES
There are examples for the configuration file, with detailed meaning. Each
line  must have this syntax:
.I name
=
.I value,
where the equal sign (=) is optional.
.TP
broadcast = 10.0.1.255
This line specifies the actual network's broadcast address. It is recommended to use
internal (class A,B or C) IP address for the network during file restoration.
.TP
port 8766
This server-side port is for sending requests to get any part of the image.
Used protocol is TCP.
.TP
info\-port 8767
This server\-side port number is used to get the names of available backup images and their
lenght. Used protocol is TCP.
.TP
broadcast\-port = 8769
This port is client-side: broadcast datagrams' target port, the client use it
for listening. Because UDP datagrams cannot be larger than 1500 bytes, now only 1024 bytes
are in these broadcast packets. Used protocol is UDP.
.TP
delay-count = NUMBER
After every NUMBERth udp packets the server waits one microseconds. It is
necessary because sometimes the network is not good enough to avoid it. For
example switches,  network cards cannot handle too many packet simultaneously.
.TP
names = LIST
LIST contains all available image names. Images that are not listed are
handled as invalid names also names are not sent to client via info\-port.
Invalid names are skipped (non\-readable or non\-exist files, etc)
.TP
IMAGE\-NAME = FILE
All names previosly listed are reserved. IMAGE\-NAME can be any other. Maximum
maximum length is 3 KByte. FILE can be the path/filename of any file.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by László Attila Tóth <panther@elte.hu>.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to the author.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2004 László Attila Tóth.
.PP
.br
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
