.TH CLNT 1
. SH NAME
clnt \- file restore client
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B clnt
[OPTION]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Restore one file specified by parameters from the server specicified by
the 
.I config file.
File size can be greater than 4GB.
.PP
Communication between the client and the server is via tcp to get information
of available images and to request a part of the selected image. Sending the
image file uses udp broadcast datagrams. It is faster and can receive any
number of clients simultaneously.
.SH OPTIONS
Parameters have short and long forms.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-config\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Configuration file to use \- default is /etc/vissza/client.conf
.TP
\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-interactive
Interactive mode. A menu is shown to select an image to restore.
Same as \fB\-m\fR option, but cannot use both, but one of them must
be used.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-targetfile\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Specify the name of th file to save the backup image. If it is a
regular file, it is truncated to 0 bytes. Required parameter.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-image\fR=\fIIMAGE\-NAME\fR
Non-interactive mode. The same as IMAGE\-NAME would be selected from
menu. Cannot be used with \fB\-i\fR option.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Short summary of options.
.SH FILES
\fB/etc/vissza/client.conf\fR
.SH EXAMPLES
There are examples for the configuration file, with detailed meaning. Each
line  must have this syntax:
.I name
=
.I value,
where the equal sign (=) is optional.
.TP
server\-ip = 10.0.1.100
This line describes the backup server's IP address. It is recommended to use
internal (class A,B or C) IP address for the network during file restoration.
.TP
server\-port = 8767
This server-side port number is used to get the names of available backup images and their
lenght. Used protocol is TCP.
.TP
server\-req\-port 8766
This server-side port is for sending requests to get any part of the image.
Used protocol is TCP.
.TP
broadcast\-port = 8769
This port is client-side: broadcast datagrams' target port, the client use it
for listening. Because UDP datagrams cannot be larger than 1500 bytes, now only 1024 bytes
are in these broadcast packets. Used protocol is UDP.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by László Attila Tóth <panther@elte.hu>.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to the author.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2004 László Attila Tóth.
.PP
.br
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
